[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[opps-core.archives]
file_filter = opps/archives/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/archives/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.articles]
file_filter = opps/articles/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/articles/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.boxes]
file_filter = opps/boxes/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/boxes/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.channels]
file_filter = opps/channels/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/channels/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.containers]
file_filter = opps/containers/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/containers/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.contrib]
file_filter = opps/contrib/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/contrib/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.core]
file_filter = opps/core/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/core/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.flatpages]
file_filter = opps/flatpages/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/flatpages/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.images]
file_filter = opps/images/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/images/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

[opps-core.sources]
file_filter = opps/sources/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = opps/sources/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en

